Updating BigQuery PSC documentation (#7926)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/bigquery-psc.md

<CloudProviders type='BigQuery' />

> ## Enabling dbt for GCP BigQuery Private Service Connect

Reviewer: @natty-li this makes the title for this section quite lengthy and the H1 at the top of the page mentions this is for BigQuery. What problem are we trying to solve here?

Author: I think that "Configure GCP PSC" header is misleading because we're giving steps how to enable your dbt account for PSC, not on how to configure the customer's GCP instance for PSC. I'm not opposed to dropping the `BigQuery` portion since you've pointed out it's redundant information.

<PrivateLinkSLA />

## (Optional) Generate Bigquery Credentials

> You may already have credentials set up for your datasets. If not, you can follow [this](docs/guides/bigquery-qs.md#generate-bigquery-credentials) guide to generate credentials. 

Author: I don't think I did the linking right since it links to the guide but not the specific step I was trying to point to (according to the [preview](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-nli-small-updates-to-bigquery-psc-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/cloud/secure/bigquery-psc#optional-generate-bigquery-credentials)). Is there any guidance on how to do that?

Reviewer: That links to the file, the URL format is a bit different for guides. I've updated it

Author: Thank you!

> You may already have credentials set up for your datasets. If not, you can follow [this](docs/guides/bigquery-qs.md#generate-bigquery-credentials) guide to generate credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may already have credentials set up for your datasets. If not, you can follow the steps in our [BigQuery quickstart guide](/guides/bigquery?step=4) to generate credentials. 
```

2. In the **Connections** page, select **BigQuery**. Click **Edit**.
3. You will see two radio buttons: **Default Endpoint** and **PrivateLink Endpoint**. Select **PrivateLink Endpoint**. 
4. Select the private endpoint from the dropdown (this will automatically populate the API endpoint field).

> 5. Input any remaining data platform details, including the Bigquery credentials you might have made above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Input any remaining data platform details, including the BigQuery credentials you might have created in previous steps.
```
